mindsdb>=23.12.4.2
mindsdb_sql >= 0.4.0
pandas <=1.4.3

salesforce-merlion>=1.2.0,<=1.3.1
black>=24.3.0 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
dnspython>=2.6.1 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
flask>=2.2.5 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
fonttools>=4.43.0 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
idna>=3.7 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
jinja2>=3.1.4 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
mysql-connector-python>=8.4.0 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
nltk>=3.8.2 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
numpy>=1.22.2 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
pillow>=10.3.0 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
pyarrow>=14.0.1 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
requests>=2.32.2 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
scikit-learn>=1.5.0 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
setuptools>=70.0.0 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
torch>=2.2.0 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
transformers>=4.38.0 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
urllib3>=2.2.2 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
werkzeug>=3.0.3 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
wheel>=0.38.0 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
xgboost>=1.7.0 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
zipp>=3.19.1 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
